# CRUD_Project
This is a website, created using the online web service Cloud9. Using Cloud9 allowed me to test the program as I was writing it, which meant that I could know what was wrong and what to fix during coding. It is made up of HTML structure, PHP code adding to a mySQL database, CSS making it look good, and JavaScript to make it interactive. In doing this project, I bounced ideas off other students a lot, and modified his code to suit my needs and not really be the same thing. His code did help me with creating the structure of the website, and came in handy during the creation of the AddToDB.php, DelFromDB.php and Mod.php files. Having little experience with automated PHP and mySQL functions, this really helped smooth out the process of creating the website.
The main purpose of the website is to make an easy place to store all of a user's passwords. The website has several pages, allowing for easy navigation from the home screen to pages where the user can add, modify, and even delete stored passwords.
The main feature of the website is the table on the home screen. This was created to allow people to easily view their passwords that they stored, rather than having to click through several screens to try and find it. I also made the add, modify, and delete functions on separate pages to avoid clutter. This way, the website looks much cleaner and it is easier to see and know what part of the website does what. Everything in this website is made to allow for easy access to the user, includig the designated areas for text boxes, labels for text boxes to reduce error messages and confusion, and an 
Author: Avery Schaefer. I am a junior at Shakopee High School, and am in the PLTW class Computer Science Principles. This is my first official introduction to the world of coding and computer science, despite trying to learn on my own for a few years. This class really helped me learn coding, especially in languages such as PHP, Python, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This also made me realize how much work goes into creating a large project, and made me appreciate the expert programmers that made popular websites like Google and Facebook. This class has really confirmed my idea to want to major in some sort of computer science, even though I am currently thinking CyberSecurity.
If you want to download this and try out the website, good! You have found the best place to store all of your passwords. With a user-focused layout, dedicated pages for each function, a CSS file to make the website look professional, and a dedicated mySQL database so all passwords are stored in one place, there is no reason not to download this! 
If you do notice any bugs or want to add something, feel free to add or fix it. This is an open-source project, so feel free to add and change to your heart's desire. However, please be respectful and don't change something as a prank. Be nice to the website, and the website will be nice to you.